Mention WASI.dev in readme (#155)
bytecodealliance/component-docs: README.md

The documentation is published at <https://component-model.bytecodealliance.org/>.

> It is envisaged to contain two books, one on the component model itself, and one on WASI (WebAssembly System Interface). At the time of writing, both books are in development, but the first is more complete than the [second book](https://wasi.dev/).

Reviewer: I think wasi.dev has a different purpose than the WASI book that was intended to be in this repo. @itowlson do you think we have intent to build in more WASI documentation into this repo? I am wondering if we should modify this block to the following:
```suggestion
Documentation on WASI (WebAssembly System Interface) can be found at https://wasi.dev/. See the [`wasi.dev`](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/wasi.dev) repository to contribute to that documentation.
```

Reviewer 2: @kate-goldenring sounds good.  The original intent here was to have a user-facing WASI book in this repo - if `was.idev` is tackling that then that's awesome.  And your wording clarifies that the `wasi.dev` work isn't happening in this repo.
